## Mobile 

Workout log a session 

 - to wide does not fit on phone screen

User cards

- dont fit nice on phone

  

## Tablet size:

on trainer dashboard

 - Still dont like the My Weekly Schedule layout. This is hard to navigate as the cards are large.

  

The Log workout

 I can see the user and i like most of the layout. 

Change to what i said earlier I want fields for Reps and Weight. By using the button i can add the additional set.  This is a mandatory update. 

  

## Class Schedule:

I like the layout on the tablet

  

## Leader board:

this page looks good too.

  

## Challenges:

No data in the system so no clue if it looks good or not

  

## Program:

No active program so not sure

  

## My bookings:

I like this layout. not sure if i would change anything

  

## Workout History:

nothing showing and I know I have entered some test data.

when clicking the start new workout

there is not a template found. Again i know there is an admin template (Scott Testing)

  

## Create Workout Template:

layout looks good except for the "Create Template" text maybe button is not enough of an indicator that I am supposed to click it. It should be a button.

Add Exercises

Filter by body part needs work.

I selected arms and it filters to Bicept Curls. That is fine but I know there is more exercises than just Bicep Curls.

There is not a way to know if I click the exercise it will add to the workout. Need to think that one through.

  

Light and Dark mode

Dark looks great but man the light looks like crap.

  
  

## Site wide: 

I know we have more than 3 packages in the system. I am only see 3 packages

- The Surge

- The Tidal 12

- Dive Deep 16-Pack

Where are all the other offerings?

  

I like the dashboards. I think the workflow for all should be through a dashboard. So one for Clients, Trainers, Admin. If they have all functions for the role then most of the menu could dissapear. Need to make sure after a selection the user is taken to their role dashboard. The only exceptions:

Cart

Notifications

Credit counter

User Name

Logout button

  

This should clean up the home page and top nav.

Again I Have to stress if the role dashboard has the page link then we dont need the top nav. Example Trainer Dashboard should have Classes, Workout etc. So then there is no need for the top nav.